ReadMe.md, before:


# E-commerce Back End

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Table of Contents

  -[Project Description](#Description)

  -[Installation](#Installation)

  -[Usage](#Usage)

  -[License](#License)

  -[Contributing](#Contributing)

  -[Tests](#Tests)

  -[Questions](#Questions)

## Description

Module 13 Challenge

## User Story

AS A manager at an internet retail company</br>
I WANT a back end for my e-commerce website that uses the latest technologies</br>
SO THAT my company can compete with other e-commerce companies</br>

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a functional Express.js API

WHEN I add my database name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an environment variable file</br>
THEN I am able to connect to a database using Sequelize</br>
WHEN I enter schema and seed commands</br>
THEN a development database is created and is seeded with test data</br>
WHEN I enter the command to invoke the application</br>
THEN my server is started and the Sequelize models are synced to the MySQL database</br>
WHEN I open API GET routes in Insomnia Core for categories, products, or tags</br>
THEN the data for each of these routes is displayed in a formatted JSON</br>
WHEN I test API POST, PUT, and DELETE routes in Insomnia Core</br>
THEN I am able to successfully create, update, and delete data in my database

## Installation

Please follow the instructions

## Usage

To have a backend for you e-commerce website to compete with other companies

## License

mit

You can follow this link <https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/> to know more

## Contributing

Me and my friend Google

## Tests

See tests here

## Questions

For questions my GitHub username is katepatch

Or feel free to email me at kate.epatch@gmail.com

Commit message:

added links  to video walk through

ReadMe.md, after:


# E-commerce Back End

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Table of Contents

  -[Project Description](#Description)

  -[Installation](#Installation)

  -[Usage](#Usage)

  -[License](#License)

  -[Contributing](#Contributing)

  -[Tests](#Tests)

  -[Questions](#Questions)

## Description

Module 13 Challenge

## User Story

AS A manager at an internet retail company</br>
I WANT a back end for my e-commerce website that uses the latest technologies</br>
SO THAT my company can compete with other e-commerce companies</br>

## Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a functional Express.js API

WHEN I add my database name, MySQL username, and MySQL password to an environment variable file</br>
THEN I am able to connect to a database using Sequelize</br>
WHEN I enter schema and seed commands</br>
THEN a development database is created and is seeded with test data</br>
WHEN I enter the command to invoke the application</br>
THEN my server is started and the Sequelize models are synced to the MySQL database</br>
WHEN I open API GET routes in Insomnia Core for categories, products, or tags</br>
THEN the data for each of these routes is displayed in a formatted JSON</br>
WHEN I test API POST, PUT, and DELETE routes in Insomnia Core</br>
THEN I am able to successfully create, update, and delete data in my database

## Installation

Please follow the instructions

## Usage

To have a backend for you e-commerce website to compete with other companies

## License

mit

You can follow this link <https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/> to know more

## Contributing

Me and my friend Google

## Linkss

Link to Video 1 <https://watch.screencastify.com/v/NqNg6NyW7YKzQskvuMW4>
Link to Video 2 <https://watch.screencastify.com/v/y3aP3A3MXTzmoiPlUBhi>
Link

## Questions

For questions my GitHub username is katepatch

Or feel free to email me at kate.epatch@gmail.com
